Mutual fund products are registered and established upon approval by CSRC and in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations and the Fund Contract. The registration at CSRC does not represent any substantive judgment, recommendation or guarantee by CSRC regarding the risks and returns of the fund. The legal documents pertaining to the fund, such as the Fund Contract, are disclosed to the public via the websites of designated publications and fund managers.
The net value of a fund, which invests in the securities market, will fluctuate as a result of various factors such as fluctuations in the securities market. Funds involve risks. Before investing in a fund, the investor should study carefully the disclosure documents such as the prospectus and fund contract, understand thoroughly the risk-return characteristics and product features of the fund product, consider fully the investor’s own risk tolerance level, form rational judgments of the market, independently determine the fund’s investment value, make independent decisions for investment activities including the intent, timing, quantity, etc. of subscription (or purchase) of the fund,  and be prepared to bear the various investment risks involved in fund investments.
The fund is sold at an initial par value of RMB one yuan. This will not change the risk-return characteristics of the fund, nor will it reduce the investment risks or enhance the investment results of the fund. Under the influence of factors such as market fluctuations, the investment in a fund may result in a loss, or the net value of a fund may be lower than the initial par value.
The fund manager undertakes to adhere to the principles of honesty, integrity, diligence and conscientiousness in managing and utilizing the fund assets, but does not guarantee profitability of the fund or any minimum return on the fund. The fund’s past performance and its net value do not foretell its future performance, and the performance of other funds managed by the fund manager does not constitute a guarantee of the performance of a particular fund. Before making decisions on fund investment, the investor should recognize the principle of “the buyer assumes his own responsibility”; after making decisions on fund investment, the investor shall, and bear all investment risks and deficits caused by the operation of the fund and changes in the fund’s asset value.
The investor should purchase and redeem funds via fund managers or other institutions which are qualified to conduct fund sales business. For a list of institutional sellers, please refer to the relevant notices of the fund.

This report serves solely as a general introduction and does not constitute an offer or invitation to treat. The data, information and opinions contained in this report do not serve as any investment advice or any suggestion or guarantee of profit or return. E Fund Management Company Limited (hereinafter “the Company”) shall not assume any liability for any direct or indirect loss or damage arising from the use of this report or the contents thereof by any investor.  
Unless authorized by the Company, no part of this report shall by any means be copied, duplicated or replicated in any form; or be re-distributed or disclosed to any third party; or be used in any other way which infringes the copyright of the Company’s. Any institution or individual apart from the Company who distributes or discloses this report shall assume all liability arising therefrom.
•Although the sources of information contained in this report are considered reliable, the Company does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such information and assumes no liability whatsoever for any direct or indirect loss or damage arising from the use of the information contained in this report or for any other loss or damage in connection therewith. The opinions and predictions contained in this report reflect judgments made at specific points of time under specific circumstances, and these judgments are subject to changes. The Company is under no obligation to ensure at any time the prompt external delivery of up-to-date information, opinions or predictions.