This report is provided only to specific qualified investors who possess considerable ability in identifying and tolerating risks, for the purpose of supplying to them information relating to the private asset management business of E Fund Management Company Limited (hereinafter “the Company”). This report serves solely as a general introduction and does not constitute an offer or invitation to treat. 
Private asset management plans are high-risk products. Entrusted assets may be exposed to various kinds of risks in the course of investment, including but not limited to: market risks, liquidity risks, management risks, credit risks, specific risks arising from specific investment targets or specific investment methods, tax risks, and other risks. The Investor is exposed to the risks of being unable to obtain returns or even suffering loss of capital. The investor should, on the basis of a thorough understanding of the product and its risk-return characteristics, make investment decisions carefully, and shall bear investment risks and loss or damage as a result of such decisions.
The Company does not in any way guarantee profitability of the entrusted assets or any minimum return on those assets. The past performance and net value of the Company and entrusted assets do not foretell future performance. The contents of this report are for reference only, and the data, information and opinions contained in this report do not serve as any investment advice or any suggestion or guarantee of profit or return. Before making investments, the investor should study in detail the legal documents for the relevant product or seek professional advice. The Company shall not assume any liability for any direct or indirect loss or damage arising from the use of this report or the contents thereof by any investor.
Unless authorized by the Company, no part of this report shall by any means be copied, duplicated or replicated in any form; or be re-distributed or disclosed to any third party; or be used in any other way which infringes the copyright of the Company’s. Any institution or individual apart from the Company who distributes or discloses this report shall assume all liability arising therefrom.
Although the sources of information contained in this report are considered reliable, the Company does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such information and assumes no liability whatsoever for any direct or indirect loss or damage arising from the use of the information contained in this report or for any other loss or damage in connection therewith. The opinions and predictions contained in this report reflect judgments made at specific points of time under specific circumstances, and these judgments are subject to changes. The Company is under no obligation to ensure at any time the prompt external delivery of up-to-date information, opinions or predictions.